Add photon (#1643)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/tutorials/run-qed-fit.rst

.. _run-qed-fit:

==========================
How to run a QED fit
==========================

It is possible to perform a QED fit adding the key `fiatlux` to the runcard. In this way
a photon PDF will be generated using the `FiatLux` public library that implements the `LuxQED`
(see :cite:p:`Manohar:2016nzj` and :cite:p:`Manohar:2017eqh`) approach.
The parameters to be added are the following:

.. code-block:: yaml

    fiatlux:
      luxset: NNPDF40_nnlo_as_01180
      additional_errors: true
      luxseed: 1234567890

`luxset` is the PDF set used to generate the photon PDF with `FiatLux <https://github.com/scarrazza/fiatlux/>`.

> The code wil generate as much photon replicas as the number of replicas contained in the `luxset`. Therefore, if the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code wil generate as many photon replicas as the number of replicas contained in the `luxset`. Therefore, if the user
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code will generate as many photon replicas as the number of replicas contained in the `luxset`. Therefore, if the user
```
